feat: add voxbox to testing docs (#435)
voxpupuli/voxpupuli.github.io: _docs/how_to_run_tests.md

> summary: A very short description of how to run the vox pupuli test suite.

Reviewer: Do we need to clarify that this is about puppet modules?
```suggestion
summary: A very short description of how to run the vox pupuli test suite for puppet modules.
```

### Vox Pupuli helpers

Check out the following page if you want to add a test suite to your module or want
to learn more about the Vox Pupuli test helpers:

* [voxpupuli-test](https://github.com/voxpupuli/voxpupuli-test) for unit testing
* [voxpupuli-acceptance](https://github.com/voxpupuli/voxpupuli-acceptance) for acceptance testing
* [voxpupuli-release](https://github.com/voxpupuli/voxpupuli-release) for bundling a release

### Linting

Vox Pupuli uses [puppet-lint](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet-lint) for better code quality. To run it:

```shell
bundle exec rake lint
```

To automatically fix puppet-lint issues you can use:

```shell
bundle exec rake lint_fix
```

Aso run some [RuboCop](https://rubocop.org/) tests against it:

```shell
bundle exec rake rubocop
```

RuboCop also supports save autofixing:

```shell
bundle exec rake rubocop:autocorrect
```

And another autofix option that can fix more, but might break your code:

```shell
bundle exec rake rubocop:autocorrect_all
```

### Unit tests

The unit test suite covers most of the code, as mentioned above please add tests if you're adding new functionality.

> If you've not used [rspec-puppet](http://rspec-puppet.com/) before then feel free to ask about how best to test your new feature.

Reviewer: the site isn't updated anymore, it moved:
```suggestion
If you've not used [rspec-puppet](https://puppetlabs.github.io/rspec-puppet/) before then feel free to ask about how best to test your new feature.
```
